When I got married and you humiliated me with Mrs. Zhao
My heart is already dead
I, Xiao Yan, will shave with you again.
Eyeless woman
I still want to marry Xiao Tianshi
Xiao Tianshi is the Dragon King and cannot kill you
I'm not afraid
Your repeated anger is already a capital crime
Xiao Yan, I was wrong, I was wrong, you forgot
When you were first blind
I take care of you every day, eat and take a shower
Waiting for you to go to the toilet
Have you forgotten my kindness to you?
You can't be ungrateful.
I am ungrateful
For the past five years, I have woken up early and been late all for you
You actually colluded with Zhao Tai to kill me together
In the end, my heart
It's worthless in front of your money
Do you think I'm just for the money?
I have been trying to have a home with you all these years
I get up early and I get up late at work.
But where do I go?
Someone pointed at me behind my back and said
I want to marry a blind man
When my heart hurts, you know?
You only know how to brag to me every day
How many people have you defrauded?
But that doesn't count.
You don't even have the functions of a man
Do you know how exhausted I am?
Chi
You became like this to save me
But didn't I give my heart to you?
I don't want to have a good future with you?
Do you know the pain in my heart?
If it weren't for the hospitality all these years
I can't live anymore
Do you know how I managed to survive all these years?
Can you blame me for getting this far this year?
That's enough!
That we were truly in love
My heart hurts
Anyway.
This is no excuse for you to betray me
This is the beginning
The only dollar we had left when I was in the hospital
Flower face up
Head landing